OSDOCS#13057: Cluster-wide architecture preferred/weighted affinity (#89119)
openshift/openshift-docs: post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/multiarch-tuning-operator.adoc

By default, the scheduler does not consider the architecture of a pod's container images when determining the placement of new pods onto nodes.

> To enable architecture-aware workload scheduling, you must create the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object. When you create the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object, the Multiarch Tuning Operator deploys the necessary operands to support architecture-aware workload scheduling. You can also use the `nodeAffinityScoring` plugin in the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object to set cluster-wide architecture preferences based on a score. The scheduler first filters nodes with compatible architectures and then prioritizes nodes with higher scores. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable architecture-aware workload scheduling, you must create the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object. When you create the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object, the Multiarch Tuning Operator deploys the necessary operands to support architecture-aware workload scheduling. You can also use the `nodeAffinityScoring` plugin in the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object to set cluster-wide scores for the architecture of nodes. The scheduler first filters nodes with compatible architectures and then places the pod in the node with the highest score. The score calculation can include other components than the architecture.
```

I'm not sure how to better express this.

Author: We can update it as follows:
You can also use the `nodeAffinityScoring` plugin in the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object to set cluster-wide scores for node architectures. The scheduler first filters nodes with compatible architectures and then places the pod on the node with the highest score. 

However the following sentence seems incomplete as we are not talking about the "other factors". Should we talk about them or if they are not of interest to the user then we could skip this sentence. 

"The scheduler calculates the score based on architecture and other factors."

* If the `nodeSelector` field is not configured with the `kubernetes.io/arch` label for a workload, the operand updates the `nodeAffinity` field for that workload. However, in that `nodeAffinity` field, the operand updates only the node selector terms that are not configured with the `kubernetes.io/arch` label.

* If the `nodeName` field is already set, the Multiarch Tuning Operator does not process the pod.

> * If the pod is owned by a DaemonSet, the operand does not update the the `nodeAffinity` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the pod is owned by a DaemonSet, the Operator does not update the the `nodeAffinity` field.
```

> * If both `nodeSelector` or `nodeAffinity` and `preferredAffinity` are set for the `kubernetes.io/arch` label, the operand does not update the `nodeAffinity` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If both `nodeSelector` or `nodeAffinity` and `preferredAffinity` fields are set for the `kubernetes.io/arch` label, the operand does not update the `nodeAffinity` field.
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> * If only `nodeSelector` or `nodeAffinity` is set for the `kubernetes.io/arch` label and the `nodeAffinityScoring` plugin is disabled, the operand does not update the `nodeAffinity` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If only `nodeSelector` or `nodeAffinity` field is set for the `kubernetes.io/arch` label and the `nodeAffinityScoring` plugin is disabled, the operand does not update the `nodeAffinity` field.
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> * If the `nodeAffinity.preferredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution` field already contains terms that score nodes based on the `kubernetes.io/arch` label, the operand ignores the preferences set in the `nodeAffinityScoring` plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the `nodeAffinity.preferredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution` field already contains terms that score nodes based on the `kubernetes.io/arch` label, the operand ignores the priorities assigned by the `nodeAffinityScoring` plugin.
```

Reviewer 2: Trying to keep the language consistent with assigned.

Author: The `nodeAffinityScoring` plugin doesn't assign priorities. Users assign scores to compatible architectures in the `nodeAffinityScoring` plugin. This plugin allows users to prefer one architecture over another based on the assigned score. So I think "preferences" is the best choice.
